My husband & I stayed at The Iroquois from December 30 until January 6 in Room 1110 (Executive King).
After 18+ hours of grueling travel, not to mention horrendous traffic from JFK to the hotel, it was so nice to be greeted by the hotel bellman, John, as soon as we stepped out of our airport car service. It was a relief not to have to worry about our three heavy pieces of luggage as John immediately took care of them. John definitely deserves special mention! He was our gracious bellman/doorman from day 1.
Thanks to the most efficient lady at the front desk, check-in didn't take more than five minutes.
Allan, the Concierge, welcomed us personally. Throughout our stay, Allan made sure we were always well taken care of.
Every single member of the hotel staff could not have done a better job! Not at anytime did anyone provide less than perfect service! It made a world of difference--our stay was made so hassle free!
ROOM--appeared to be exactly as it was in the website. most comfortable bed and pillows! everything was perfect. thanks to Maria, our room maid, everything was spic & span everytime we got back .
BATHROOM--just right in terms of size. very nicely decorated--nothing lavish but not spartan either. toiletries (Molton Brown) were always replenished. towel overload. Frette bathrobes were most luxurious!
The perfectly (!) brewed coffee served at the lobby every morning that was replaced with soothing hot apple cider in the afternoon was a very nice touch!
LOCATION--nothing beats The Iroquois' location! right in the center of everything but away from the hustle & bustle of what NYC is so known for. everything (shopping, museums, broadway theatres, great NYC landmarks), I mean everything is walking distance from the hotel. it is very convenient that there is a 24-hr Duane Reade grocery/pharmacy not more than a couple of minutes' walk from the hotel. fantastic eateries nearby from coffee shops to diners to high end restaurants & bars.
Our stay at The Iroquois made our New Year in New York (as well as our 15th wedding anniversary) nothing less than perfect!