I stayed at the Iroquois in New York for two nights in October 2011. The stay started badly as I arrived on a parade day, had some trouble walking to the hotel from the bus drop off at Grand Central due to road closures but finally made it there a little after 2 pm. I was told the room was not ready yet, that check-in was at 3 pm and that I could upgrade and have a room immediately if I wanted. I declined the option to upgrade and opted to wait out the hour till check-in by leaving my luggage with the hotel and going shopping. I returned at 3:30 pm or so, checked into my room, went up to my room and waited for my luggage. It took a while and finally my suitcase was delivered but not my carry-on. It turns out that another departing guest had taken my luggage by mistake through a series of bad luck occurrences - she sent her friend to retrieve her carry-on, her friend did not know what it looked like and did not have a claim slip, chose my carry-on by mistake eventhough it was nothing like her friend's and rushed out with it. I spent an anxious hour or so waiting for the other guest to return from the airport with my carry-on as I was worried about the personal information and contents of my carry-on. In the end everything worked out, the lady returned from JFK having missed her flight but with my carry-on to exchange for her correct one, and nothing was missing from my carry-on. The hotel staff were most apologetic. Front-desk offered a couple of free drinks coupon, the manager responded to an e-mail I sent about the incident and assured me their procedures were being reviewed to prevent another such incident and offered a stay in a suite at their best available price next time. The most touching though was the effort from the bellman who came up to my room subsequently with a plate of chocolates and nuts and a bottle of wine in apology. I declined the wine as I don't drink but accepted the chocolates and nuts as he was insistent that I do so. In summary, I had a problem at the hotel but they managed to respond well to the incident and, lucky for all it happened on check-in rather than check-out when a delay with the carry-on might have had much more serious consequences. 
On a side note, I discovered that one of the concierge was someone I knew from my stays at the Casablanca Hotel who previously impressed me with her thoughtful and efficient service, and bright smile and warm greeting each time. It is a credit to the Iroquois that such a wonderful employee moved over from the Casablanca given how fine a hotel the Casablanca is as well. 
Aside from the incident, the hotel was fine. The room was large and comfortable, free wi-fi was included, location is excellent just off Times Square and with lots of subway stations near by and many restaurants within close walking distance. DB Bistro Moderne almost next door was surprisingly good and not stuffy notwithstanding its celebrity chef background, and the diner down the street from the Iroquois was excellent value, efficient and convenient for an early 6 am breakfast or a late bite. 
My favourite in New York is usually the Casablanca for its unbeatable location, service and value-enhancing inclusions, but the Iroquois also compares well, especially because I managed to book at a fixed prepaid discount rate that was about $100 cheaper per night than comparable hotels at the same time.