I've walked by this hotel many times over the past three decades and never thought about staying here. in late August, I had a reception and dinner that would end late, so instead of heading home on a very late train, I stayed at the Iroquois. I'm glad I did. The desk clerk was polite and friendly. I was upgraded to a "deluxe" room. This hotel must have been recently renovated because everything looked fresh and immaculately clean. The room was small, but larger than where I usually stay -- The Chemist's Club/Club Quarters a block away. The bed was very comfortable, turned down at night with Belgian chocolates on the pillows, with soothing music on the radio. The bathroom was spotless and featured Moulton Brown toiletries. Even the way they folded the soft, plush bath and hand towels and wash cloths was artistic. There was a one-liter bottle of Poland Spring sparkling water in the room, and unlike many hotels that charge you $5, at the Iroquois, it was with their compliments.
What kept me from giving a fifth star? As a previous reviewer noted, I couldn't get the sound to work on the LG flat screen TV's digital channels. The volume on the analog channels was fine. 
There was a CD player in the room. In the morning, there was a copy of the New York Times placed in a nice cloth bag (not an oversized plastic baggie or thrown on the floor) hanging on the doorknob. There was also no bill slid under the door, which I actually liked. Whenever I see that in the morning, it's almost like saying, "Reminder -- don't forget to pay and try to leave early." Check-out took less than a minute.
I did not eat at Triomphe. As expected, breakfast is expensive. I just grabbed a cup of excellent coffee in the lobby and walked three blocks to Grand Central to catch an early train. That close proximity to the station makes this a conveniently located hotel. Broadway is a block away for those who want to catch a show. 
The Iroquois is a member of the Small Luxury Hotels chain and deservedly so. I will definitely stay here again.