travel to NYC quite a bit, usually stay ay The Alex. Decided to try the Iroquois b/c I had a corporate rate. the location is very good and the trip advisor reviews were generally good. I was told at time of booking the corporate rate was Run of House and that "we would receive the best room available". this translated into what must have been the worst room in the hotel (room 307). It was TINY (about 2 feet larger around than the bed) and at the back, the windows faced right into the fire escape, with the next building very close. It was really horrible. We phoned to the front desk and they said they would move us, we moved to a much nicer room (rm. 1100), still fairly small, but it had a bay window and a beautiful view of the Chrystler building. So if they told me on the phone I was entitled to the best room available, why did they give me the worst room?
They make a big deal of their turn-down service with chocolates. We got this the first night. Teh second night it wasnt done. Immediately we checked to see if our "do not disturb" sign was on - it wasn't. It had been in the afternoon, but we tuned it off about 5:30 or 6pm. So either they just didnt do it or they tried to turn down our room before 6pm.
I was very surprised the room had no coffee/tea making facilities. I drink tea and my partner drinks coffee. They had a coffee urn in the lobby in the mornings, no tea at any time, so we had to visit the coffee shop down the street.
The last morning we had breakfast in the hotel. We chose the self-serve buffet choice. They added a compulsory 18% tip to the bill and still added a line to the bill for us to add a tip. 18% tip for self-serve and they were looking for more? I found that a bit offensive.
As we left the bellhop asked how we were getting to the airport, we told him we were taking the skytrain to Newark. He tried to talk us out of it and to let him call us a car service, giving us all sorts of incorrect reasons not to take the skytrain (including that it took over an hour, that we would be hampered by subway repairs, etc - actually it is the fastest, lest expensive way to Newark and dosent have anything to do with the subway.) We were left with the opinion he either didnt know what he was talking about or got a healthy kick-back for referrals.
Next time I am in NYC I will definately head back to the Alex, its a wonderful little boutique hotel with big beautiful rooms and full kitchens!