Just completed a 5 night stay here. This is my first trip to New York and we realised quite early on that the location of the hotel was perfect. 
We negotiated a good deal via e-mail and booked about 3 months or so in advance. 
On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by the doorman who took care of our cases straight out of the taxi and on entering the hotel we were offered a slightly larger room for $30 a night which we declined. 
We were located at the end of the 4th floor. The room itself was very small by hotel standards but did include all the amenities specified on the website.
After the first night it was clear that either someone was smoking in the corridor or in one of the rooms on our floor and the smoke was either coming under the door or through the air conditioning. We went to reception the following morning to enquire whether the floor was solely non smoking and they advised it was but they did allow guests to smoke in the them on the 4th floor........what ????.....who was staying ont he floor the Sultan of Brunei or the president ????? Either they are non smoking or they're not. We were told that if it was "bothering us that much" then we could swap rooms. On the basis that it would have been a big hassle to move rooms and if we had have moved other smokers could be allowed to we declined.
We ended up putting towels around the bottoms of the doors to limit the cigarette smoke.
We are still in New York as we had plabbed on going to Atlantic City but the bus service was not running due to the snow. We decided not to opt for the $500+ for the additional night at the Iroquois and instead opted for the Hilton Garden Inn at Times Sqaure, where the rooms are rather larger and the reviews on trip advisor some what better.0
Gregorys coffee shop across the road serves great coffees and snacks.
Used the gym, although you have to call reception in advance to use the sauna. You also have to request ice as there is no ice machine....seems like a hassle to request to have the mini-bar emptied if you require use of the fridge. Why not ask in advance and let the guest decide ?
Didn't use the restaurant, but did go to the Indian on 44th street towards 5th Avenue, was probably the best Indian I've had in the US, but not perfect.
Pros: Great nights sleep, nice bed, good location, dvd library, free internet and printing facility in the library.
Cons: The lifts are slow, they allow smoking in the non-smoking rooms/corridors, the shower was pretty poor as you had to have the tap running at the same time as the shower, bath didn't drain quick enough so showered in inches of water, toilet blocked on first day - sorted it myself. The noise from the adjoining room was very loud when they used the toilet (i presume) - my wife described it as a large boat coming into dock.
From a value for money perspective I'd prefer the Hilton over the Iroquois if coming again and there's more space.....depending on what floats your boat it may be to some peoples standards, particularly smokers.