This was my third stay at The Iroquois with my sister in the past three years and again it lived up to our expectations. Once again we booked a classic room ( 2 double beds) and requested a quiet, non smoking room and we were allocated a room at the back of the hotel. Whilst there was no view, it was a peaceful place to escape to for some rest. We couldn't hear any traffic or other guests and the only noise was the feint humm of the air conditioning unit. This didn't bother me at all and I am a light sleeper but I would recommend ear plugs for anyone who may be sensitive to this sort of noise.
The room was comfortable and clean. It is small, but then I expected that. If you bring a lot of luggage be prepared for it to get in the way, there really isn't room for lots of cases! The bathroom was windowless but clean and we were given fresh towels each day. The shower was lovely and hot and had an excellent flow.
The hotel has a turn down service and provide the weather forecast for the next day. Very handy when you are planning what to see and do.
We didn't eat at the hotel so I cannot comment on that. We used the Red Flame Diner down the road which was excellent as always. A varied and plentiful menu, quick service and good value.
The library at the hotel is another benefit. Two computers with free internet use and a printer. Perfect for checking email, updating Facebook!!, planning activities and checking in for the return flight home. There only used to be one computer and sometimes we would experience a small wait, but now there are two, you can pretty much find one free at anytime.
The staff were friendly and helpful and the doorman was able to hail us a cab for our return to the airport. He did recommend the hotel car service (fixed fee of $65) but we preferred to take a licensed yellow cab. This cost $45 plus toll and tip (total around $60). 
The location of this hotel remains one of the top reasons to stay here and one of the main reasons that I will recommend this place to friends.