My husband, eight-month old baby and I just returned from a wonderful five-day stay in New York. We would definitely stay at the Iroquois again. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Check-in and check-out was hassle-free. Our room was a Deluxe room which was suitable for our needs. The room was not large by any means. Before we arrived, we had requested a crib for the room. The crib wasn't in our room yet, but we told the gentleman helping us with our luggage that we requested a crib and he told us he would let them know. It wasn't long before the crib arrived. The crib was actually a play-pen but the cute thing about it was that there was a mini Iroquois robe on a wooden hanger hanging on the crib especially for our son. 
My husband and I wanted a few hours out just the two of us and so before leaving our home, he emailed the hotel and requested the service of a babysitter. The hotel uses the Babysitter's Guild and the hotel arranges the booking for you. When we arrived at the hotel, the confirmed the babysitting arrangements with us via a memo. The dates and times were correct and the babysitter showed up 15 minutes prior to the start time. I was initially apprehensive about leaving my son but the Babysitter's Guild has a good reputation and the hotel has been using them for many years. It is pricey at $25.00 per hour but it is worth it for peace of mind.
We didn't get to eat at Triomphe but based on other reviews, I will make sure we eat there when we go back. The Red Flame, a couple of doors down, was always packed. My husband picked up take-out breakfast from there one day and it was very good and reasonably priced. 
The hotel is in a great location... shopping to the left, Times Square to the Right. We walked everywhere... to the Empire State Building, Times Square, Central Park, Grand Central Terminal, the United Nations, Fifth Avenue.
Some people may consider the hotel pricey for its size but I take into account its location. Sure you can stay somewhere cheaper but it may be off the beaten track. The hotel is definitely small, but that's the way we like it. We can't wait to return.