My best and I visited NYC this past week - it was our first trip to the big apple. We spent a lot of time researching hotels in NYC that were safe, clean, close to the action and reasonably priced - thanks in part to Trip Advisor. The Iroquois seemed to fit the bill so we took the leap and booked.
Everything about our weekend at The Iroquois was wonderful!! The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. The location is superb - close enough to all the action while still giving you some quiet from the usual hussle and bussle of NYC. The room was indeed a smaller than what we're used to but it had all the amenities necessary to make for a comfortable trip - bathroom was super clean, marble floors and walls, housekeeping replenished our towels and toilettries everyday, turn down service with complimentary chocolates and THE BEDS...insanely comfortable!!!!
The hotel is indeed a small/boutique hotel - lobby, small library with two computers complete with internet connection at no charge, a small but very intimate bar/lounge and a small dining room. My friend and I visited the library every evening to check our emails and investigate some of the hot spots to visit in NYC and we frequented the bar a couple of evenings where were greeted with open arms and warm smiles.
We did have issues with our telephone not working which became a bit frustrating - we could make long distance calls but could not make local calls (?) After the back and forth between the front desk and maintenance, the hotel manager knocked on our door later that afternoon and delivered a complimentary plate of cashews, strawberries, blackberries and chocolate as an apology for any inconvenience the phone issue may have caused us. It was such a classy touch that was greatly appreciated!
What I loved most about The Iroquois is the boutique feeling - it felt very cozy, safe, had that old-world Eurpean feeling I love so much in the heart of the busiest and most famous places in the world.
I will definitely book The Iroquois for my next trip to NYC - thanks to all the staff for the great service and for making our first NYC trip such a comfortable and memorable one :)