The Iroquois is a wonderful luxury boutique hotel just 2 blocks from bustling Times Square and 1/2 block from 5th Avenue. Indeed, this location is very quiet in spite of the proximity to Times Square and 5th Avenue. The hotel is flanked by the Sofitel and the City Club and Algonquin.
Underground parking is very convenient just across the street, $30/day with Iroquois validation, well worth it. For those driving into Manhattan for a last minute visit, just a short drive from the Lincoln Tunnel to the hotel. If you don't have too many bags be sure to take a right into the parking garage just before the hotel entrance and then check-in to the hotel. Otherwise you will have to drive around the block after checking in as there is alot of traffic with other guests arriving at the various hotels on this block and you cannot back up. If you would prefer the staff take your bags you can pull up in front of the hotel long enough to unload the bags and then drive around the block to access the garage and then check-in.
Upon arrival we were upgraded to a deluxe room on the 10th floor, which afforded a view of the Chrysler bldg and 44th St. No problems with noise at all. Windows can be opened if desired.
The bed is wonderful, as everyone says, and the bathroom is very nice, excellent shower. Plasma TV and nice furnishings. Everything is spotless, of course. The room is on the small side, but adequate for a couple for 3-4 nights. Longer stays may want to upgrade.
Aside from the location, the staff is what makes this hotel so wonderful - everyone is very helpful and attentive to your every need. Margo is a great help in selecting restaurants and sightseeing trips, and the front desk is great - they even leave you a personal greeting on your phone before you get to your room.
We did not dine at the restaurant, but the small bar is nice and the bartender is a very nice girl from Russia, unfortunately I cannot remember everyone's names. But the entire staff is extremely courteous and attentive.
We highly recommend the Iroquois Hotel for its location and staff - I would not consider another hotel in NYC when visiting Manhattan, and this hotel receives many repeat guests for a good reason.