This was a three day (Fri-Sat-Sun) trip to NYC for my 10 year old daughter and me. Her first trip to NYC and I wanted it to be special, since it would be a memory of a lifetime for her. First task: Pick a hotel.
First, we saw the Iroquois featured on a TV travel show and I made a note of it. Second, I used the TripAdvisor Reviews extensively to check out independent reports of the several hotels I was considering. One criteria was for a small, luxury type hotel ( 4-star minimum) that would not overwhelm my daughter but provide comfort, class, service, relative safety and great location. In this regard the Iroqouis met my expectations.
I expected smaller rooms per the reviews I read and was not surprised. Even with a double bed room, the room was "small" by some standards. Same goes for the bath; but it was marble and spotlessly clean with very high quality towels and robes.
The beds were fantastic. The bed linens and comforter were first quality. We slept well.
A note about room location: Many first timers to NYC want rooms overlooking the city. From experience I knew that an "inside" room is generally preferrable for noise considerations. I also booked the room from the hotel's website and took advantage of an off-rate program for the time of year I was visiting. So, room location was what I expected. We got room 1108. Yes, another Review writer (who had room 1107 )commented on a noisy "compressor" (actually a fan) audible from the room. I heard it also, but my take on such things is different: As long as something like that is not overwhelming and is classified as "white noise" I find it can be a benefit for sleeping.
The TV is a top notch flat screen plasma unit. High definition channels come alive. BUT, there were some stations listed on the channel card that were not available. And that list was somewhat limited to begin with. This actually was not a big deal, because we were not hanging around the room anyway and late night arrivals meant we promptly went to bed.
The closet space was very limited but ingeniuosly fitted into the room. A room safe was provided.
We noted the snack and drink bar unit but I instructed my daughter not to touch it due to the high prices that normally accompany them.
The free bottle of Perrier was nice.
Staff was great and helpful. Even the desk clerk hailed a cab for me when the bell staff was otherwise engaged. Concierge very nice and helpful.
We only ate one breakfast in the hotel. It was good and not that high priced by NYC hotel standards. I wish we could have tried the Triomphe Restaurant for lunch or dinner but time did not permit. My impression from their menue is that they try to keep the meal prices within a somewhat affordable range at least as hotels go. (For budget friendly eats, go a few steps west in the same block to the Red Flame.)
The best thing about the Iroquois,aside from the great way they treated my little girl, is LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! Can't beat it in midtown.
Now, if that bathroom was just a bit bigger......!