We stayed here for 5 nights in a one bedroom suite on the 5th floor. We chose The Iroquois because of its position and the reviews said the beds were comfortable, very important to me! Well our king size bed did not dissapoint, 6'6'' wide, loads of pillows, top quality bed linen, and REALLY comfortable, the manager told us the beds had a 15 year guarantee and were currently 3 years old. Our suite consisted of a lounge with corner sofa, desk, occasional chairs, coffee tables, lamps, fridge, flat screen TV on a chest. The furnishing was traditional with modern accents, all in excellent condition and very spacious. There was a door leading to an equally spacious bedroom with huge bed, chaise lounge, flat screen TV on a chest of drawers, built in cupboard, lamps etc everything you could want and all very tasteful. The bathroom was quite small and contained a short but very deep jaccuzi type bath, seperate large shower cubicle with an oh so powerful shower, basin and WC. The taps were gold coloured ( not my taste) but the floor and walls were a neutral marble and very attractive. We had 4 phones in the suite. My daughter joined us for a 3 nights and slept well on the sofa which converted into a 5' double bed. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, who greeted us warmly and seemed genuinely interested in making sure our stay did not dissapoint. The free wireless internet worked well, and there was a computer and printer for guests free use in the Library. We had the continental breakfast which was included in our rate and again it was all we could have wanted. The position close to Times Square but on a quiet side street is brilliant, with loads of bars and resturants really close by. The Iroquis was never tatty, there was no chipped paint, grubby fabrics, or stained rugs, it was really well cared for and we loved it. The manager told us he had been there 8 years and perhaps this is the key, he loves the place and that filters through to everyone. It's a GREAT little luxury hotel and we would definitely recommend it