We booked this hotel after finding a great deal online and reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. We stayed here for a few days over Christmas and were very pleased with our experience. We'd definitely stay here again if the chance came up and they were offering reduced rates.
Good points:
Fantastic location - hotel seemed right in the middle of key points of interest without being on a busy street. Close to restaurants, diners (we had breakfast at the Red Flame every morning), shops, and tourist attractions.
Friendly staff - no attitude or pretentiousness, very friendly and helpful doormen and front desk workers.
Clean and comfortable - the room and bathroom were spotless, sheets and towels clean and fluffy, no dust, no hair, a place I could walk barefoot in.
Quiet - even though we were on the back part of the hotel, we occasionally heard honking and the sound of trucks being unloaded, but that was to be expected. We were pleasantly surprised and relieved that we never once heard a neighbour above or next to us. The front doors weren't soundproof, but at least the ceilings and walls were (or maybe we didn't even have any neighbours!)
Technology - The TV, iPod docking station and DVD players were top-notch, and the wake-up call system was automated and reliable.
Not so good points (nit-picky):
Temperature/ Responsiveness - We had a heating issue the first night and it took a few phone calls and face-to-face reminders for somebody to actually come up and take a look. Once it was resolved though, we forgot it ever happened.
Lack of washroom storage - As a woman, I need space in the washroom to lay my things out. While they had a few small glass shelves in the washroom, there was hardly enough room to lay out my hair straightener and make-up in the same place. It felt a bit like a juggling act.
Running toilet - The toilet ran loudly for like 20 seconds after it was flushed. No midnight trips to the washroom if you have a light sleeper.
Cold bathroom floor - Without a fluffy bath mat in the washroom, the marble floors were absolutely freezing. Not a big deal, but I had to either put on my socks, hop around or slide around on the floor towel every time I needed to go in.
Overall we had a great time, and the Iroquois provided a wonderful place for us to come back each night to relax and rest up our tired legs and feet.