Our family with young adults spent a wonderful night in the James Dean Suite at the Iroquois and it could not have been better! The rooms were spacious by New York standards, the bathrooms clean and comfortable, and having the middle lounge in the suite made for a great family time. We were in the city to take in holiday sites and shop so the Iroquois's location was perfect. I had searched for a Times Square area hotel in hopes of a room with a view, but was so thankful I had decided on the Iroquois without the hustle and bustle of the city just outside. The room was quiet which is unbelievable for a city hotel! Parking was also easy and the front desk held our bags both at check-in and check-out. We had the continental breakfast at the hotel which was a great start to a busy day. The offerings of fresh croissants, toasted bagels, granola, yogurt, fresh fruit and smoked salmon and cheeses pleased everyone.
Because the location is central to all we wanted to do, we did spend a bit of relaxation time in our suite. Staying at the Iroquois means you can shop 5th Avenue to Central Park, and return to rest before dinner and evening activities. It made for a nice break in a busy day. 
The BEST thing about this hotel is the staff. It was so nice to speak with an in-house reservationist when booking so I certainly was able to arrange lodging as I wanted it - no compromises had to be made in booking the 2 bedroom suite I had requested. Check-in and check-out were flawless. We especially liked Nick, the concierge, who suggested fabulous restaurants within an easy walk. He knows exactly what you are looking for and works magic at getting reservations!!
I agree with other posts that it is a bit of an annoyance to call for ice, but our request was quickly attended to. (and you have to agree that it is SO nice not to hear or see an ice machine around the corner). This is so minor to the wonderful ammenities, the helpful and courteous staff, and the great location that this hotel has to offer. The Iroquois truly is a hotel not to be missed. I only wish we had more time to spend here.