Punishment for taking advantage of the hotel's own offering of a discounted nonrefundable rate.
That, in a phrase, was the takeaway from my recent stay at the Iroquois. I’ve stayed in the past and enjoyed the passable, quaint rooms of yesteryear – if you like the polished mahogany feel of a New York club in the MadMen era, you’ll go for the décor and feel of the public spaces of the Iroquois. And, as I have in the past, you’ll likely receive a smallish, intimate room which is functionally challenged, but clean and satisfactory in all other ways.
But I was coming in only for one night, to meet with clients around the corner, and I guess it was my misfortune to snag a very attractive nonrefundable web advance sale price for an “Executive King” room. Look at their room descriptions, and note that this room classification is at the top of the one-room line, just below the suites.
Now look at the attached picture to see what I got! A low-floor dungeon room overlooking the internal court, which at that level is full of horrific vistas of office toilers and HVAC engineering. Oh, and there’s the dilapidated fire escape for a bit of local color. You’ll see others comment on the antiquated heating/cooling system – that means if you want anything but closed window heat stoking in November, you get to open the window onto the fire escape (strangely, it opens fully) and hear the courtyard noise with the added audible treat of taxi and ambulance/fire engine siren sounds reverberating around and into your room. This room also had the good fortune of being sandwiched next to the elevator and a (often-used) utility closet.
Yes, I asked for another room and was told the hotel was sold out for the night.
What to do? I dunno; ask for a specific room confirmation before clicking on your internet booking: good luck. Spend full price and ask for a specific room confirmation: good luck and why?
Looks like the hotel recession is over in NYC, so I suppose it’s back to caveat emptor, regrettably for places like this….