I was looking forward to staying at this hotel as the reviews were very positive. However, on balance our weekend stay was disappointing.
The good:
Location
Frette linens
Chocolates and welcome wine
Complimentary coffee and fruit flavored water in the lobby
The bad:
When we arrived it was raining, and there was nobody in front to help us with our bags. In fact, the bellman from the next door hotel, The City Club, took the bags out of the cab for us. Then, we just carried our own bags up the stairs into the hotel as we did not want to wait outside in the rain for a bellman. 
Windows do not have sound proofing....on fifth floor over 44 St. lots of horns, sirens and early morning garbage truck pickup noise.
Our deluxe room for over $400 per night was really small and claustrophobic as was the bathroom. The tub had mold around the edge, not a pretty sight. Other hotels we have stayed at in the 4 star category such as The Michelangelo, London, NYC and the Regency offer larger rooms in the deluxe category for a similar price.
But, my biggest gripe was the negative interaction we had with the check in staff, particularly Alex. When we arrived at 3 pm to check in, our room was not ready. Since check in time is 3 pm, we asked if we could please have another room since ours was not ready. We were told that they were full, and there were no other rooms. We were told that the previous guests in our room #504 had just checked out at 2:30 and the housekeepers were just now cleaning it. My husband said "If check in time is 3:00 and the room was blocked out for us, why did these guests leave at 2:30. Alex said they had a late checkout and were late leaving the room. My husband said that if the room was blocked out why would they be given a late check out and Alex said "Do you think we should never give anyone a late check out? Would you have us kick these guests out?" This was not the point! His answer was certainly not apologetic and actually quite rude. The room was ready about 25 minutes later....not such a big deal, but they did not handle this in a professional nor cordial manner.
I am a retired travel agent, and I could never recommend this hotel to friends or clients.