I made a reservation at The Iroquois for one night, as I was only going to be in New York for a Broadway opening and would be returning home the following day. I arrived at the hotel a bit early, and was told that no rooms were yet available, but they could hold my luggage for me (the wait was expected to be 30-45 minutes). I went into the library to print out boarding passes for the following day. While there, I spoke with two men who were traveling from Scotland and been stuck in New York for several days due to the Icelandic volcano eruption. They informed me that the hotel was full of people who could not leave due to the volcano, and I became a bit concerned that they wouldn't have a room for me. I went back out to the desk to speak with the very polite and courteous receptionist, who told me that they had a room for me. The bellman who accompanied me to my room was also very nice and attentive. 
I wasn't aware of it until we arrived at my room, but since the hotel was full they gave me a huge suite complete with living room, dining room, and kitchen. It was beautiful and far more than I'd paid for (my reservation was for a deluxe king room with breakfast included). I was stunned, but obviously quite happy with the turn of events. I thought it very professional that no mention was made of the room switch at the front desk (while other guests were waiting as well). While I have stayed at five star hotels that are much more plush for the same price, I think the nightly rate is comparable for a good location in New York. The hotel is only a couple of blocks from Times Square and all the theaters on Broadway. I was so close that I was able to walk to both dinner and the event (in heels) without paying a cab fare. That alone is worth a lot in my opinion. The bed was also wonderfully comfortable, and I appreciated the iPhone dock in the bedroom for charging my phone. The following day, my breakfast was delivered promptly at 7:00am as requested, and the bellman arranged for a flat-fee town car to take me to the airport (during rush hour). Everything from check-in to check-out went very smoothly, and all of the employees I encountered were extremely courteous. Customer service is the number one reason I will return to The Iroquois. I only hope to be able to stay longer next time!
I am truly appreciative to The Iroquois for the accommodation and kind treatment, and have resolved to stay there again on my next visit to NYC.