We stayed at the Iroquois in the week of Easter. Vanessa in Concierge was wonderful in assisting us prior to our stay with holding mail for my husband.
The room itself was small, elegant and classic in decor. As it was just the 2 of us, there was ample room for us and our belongings. We liked the fact that the windows could open, as you cannot turn off the air conditioning and it got very stuffy in the rooms at night.
 One thing we did find amusing was that most of the switches in our room were put on crooked, so too were the lights in the bathroom.
We did have a problem with the bed, although very comfortable, it had a very offensive odour which we worked out was coming from the underlay and from the mattress near our heads.We did request that this underlay be replaced with a new one and the mattress be turned around, but was greeted with confused silence from the front desk. This request wasn't acted on immediately and we had to withstand this horrible odour for 3 nights before it was sort of fixed.
The new bar off the foyer is a great place for a drink before heading out at night and the staff in the bar were lovely and friendly.
We had requested the Iroquois to arrange a car to collect us from JKF on arrival which they did organise at a rate of $160.00 which we knew was excessive , but decided to use.
What we were not informed of throughout our stay but until checkout was that we had also been charged $75 as a "waiting around fee" as our plane was a little late in arriving and collecting our bags took a while. 
We were quite upset that we were never told that we would be charged this fee in the whole 9 days we spent at the hotel or that it wasn't communicated to us in the original email from the Iroquois after we had arranged the car through Alan in Concierge.
When asked how much the Hotel was profitting from this charge, the concierge , Alan stammered his way though an unconvincing speech that the driver gets the whole amount whilst avoiding eye contact -I think his body action speaks for itself. I work in the travel industry and found the hotel and Alan's handling of this matter very unprofessional.
We feel our stay at the Iroquois was somewhat overshaddowed by this matter and its a shame we feel that way.
It is with regret that I wouldn't recommend any of my clients or friends stay at this hotel.
This hotel has such enormous potential, but do need to put alot more work into it to be a world class boutique hotel