This was our first trip to NYC and a celebration of our wedding anniversary so we wanted to find a hotel that was a little special and close to Times Square. The Iroquois fit the bill on both counts and I am grateful to the staff in this hotel for making our stay so enjoyable.
We received an upgrade and a fruit platter on arrival-( which was a pleasant surprise and a nice touch for that 'special feel') Our room was a good size for a city hotel with plenty of storage space and a good size desk. The bathroom was well layed out with plenty of towels and a nice selection of Molton Brown toiletries (I had read alot of reviews about other hotels and one of the points seems to be around shower pressure - so I will be clear and say that the shower pressure was always very good in our room).
The room and hotel as a whole was always very clean and well maintained - even when we left the 'do not disturb 'sign on - they left a very nice note to explain why thye hadn't been in and were able to send someone straight away- despite it being early evening by the time we got back. The bed was very comfortable as mentioned in other reviews.
The location from our 'close to Times Square criteria' could not have been better - (The middle of Times Square is less than a 5 minute walk away). The Iroquois location was perfect for us and at no time did I feel unsafe walking around in the area.
We did not eat in the Hotel but I will assume that the food and service would have been equal to the rest of our experience in the hotel. Anyone who has read other Iroquois reviews would have read about the 'Red Flame Diner' - I can only reiterate that this place was perfect for breakfast and any other dining requirements you might have.
The gym and sauna was perfect for the short workout with a good running machine, cross-trainer and a selection of free weights to burn off any excess calories you hadn't already walked off. Again there were nice little touches here -fresh towels - TV - water fountain.
The other nice touches were the computers in the reading room connected to a printer (useful when doing on-line check-in) and the hotel umbrellas available in your room or readily from the door man when it was raining.
If I had to suggest one area for improvement it would be the need for Tea and Coffee making facilities in the room - though there was coffee available free from the lobby in the morning...it was the need for coffee on Sunday night when the coffee shop across the road was closed and room service was just too much trouble and a bit too pricey for Coffee on its own.
On the whole this was a perfect hotel for us - and if like me you have read lots of reviews to find the right one for your stay - Take a chance at the Iroquois as I feel it fully desreves it's listing under 'Small Luxury Hotels' of the world and I hope you will have the same great experience we have had.
I would like to thank the staff at the Iroquois for making our first trip to NYC 'special' and look forward to staying there on our next visit.