Disappointing three-night stay at a historic, popular, and well-rated hotel I selected to get away from a bustling conference location a short walk uptown. The Iroquois is quite pretty and in an excellent location. The staff was pleasant. Yet, for me, it’s all about the details and no one seems to be setting best practices or minding that existing protocols are followed.
Upon arrival, which unfortunately coincided with the beginning of Superbowl XLIII, I dragged my roller bag up the four steep steps as no doorman was in sight. Naturally, he turned up as I finished my check-in and offered to help me take my bag upstairs in the elevator. I pointed out the irony and he declared that he was the only one on duty that night.
The bedroom looked comfortable, although short on power outlets; but my first observation of the bathroom revealed both hair and stains on the sink – yuck. Attempted to call down to the front desk to request the wifi code and the handset of the cordless phone didn’t work. In the morning, I experienced a clogged tub drain as water pooled to about 3 inches while I showered and I then found that the light on the make-up mirror (a nice touch) was burned out. I reported all but the soiled sink (which I wiped down myself). The phone and tub were fixed by the next day, but not the make-up mirror. On the second morning, a random extra box of hand soap was left atop the minibar, where it remained despite at least a couple more housekeeping visits. Curiously too, housekeeping seemed compelled to turn one set of blinds up and one set down when closing them at the end of each day. And the decorative bolster pillow, which during the day rested atop the bed pillows, was placed on the floor during turndown – again, yuck.
One last note, which is meant only to be factual and not critical: If you need to be able to personally control your HVAC, this is not the place for you. The system is set to heat during the cold months and despite setting the thermostat to 68 degrees, the room temp nonetheless hovered at around 73, a little to warm to be under a down comforter on even most winter nights. Windows of my 11th floor room of course were bolted shut according to fire code requirements. I may have been the only one in the city to appreciate the snow and temperature drop!