We stayed for a total of six nights at the Iroquois Hotel from August 23rd through August 29th, 2006. Our experience was overall disappointing, mainly because of the laconic and almost passive aggressive attitude of the front desk staff. Throughout our stay we encountered various problems; when we attempted to rectify them the hotel staff was dismissive and invariably made us feel each problem was somehow our fault.
1. When we checked in very early in the morning we were laconically pointed towards the elevator, with no offer being made to assist us with our luggage.
2. The second night we did not receive the turn-down service (and the eagerly anticipated Godiva chocolates). When I commented on this to the front desk the next morning I was informed that I must have left on the "Do Not Disturb Sign". This was not the case. In fact, I couldn't figure out where or how to turn on that sign, even if I had wanted to.
3. Sometime during the afternoon of our second day the internet wireless went down and I was unable to conduct some business. When I brought this up with the front desk I was told that the internet was up and there was no problem at all. (Translation--I was somehow doing something wrong). It turned out that the internet was indeed down for the rest of the evening and was not up and running until the next morning.
4. The servicing of our room was consistently late (past 2 in the afternoon). One afternoon we returned to the room past 3 p.m. and it had still not been cleaned. Of course, I informed, once again, the front desk. Needless to say, they were not pleased with me. I noticed that with each of my "complaints" they became less and less cordial.
5. Our last afternoon at the Iroquois we requested that the hotel book a taxi for our departure early the next morning. My husband was informed that the bellman would get back to us shortly with the details--we are still waiting . . .! We eventually booked private transportation to the airport.
There were positive things about the Iroquois. It has an excellent location--two blocks from Times Square without the 24-7 din one finds there. Great restaurants, museums and shopping opportunities are within walking distance. Also, if you don't feel you burn enough calories exploring Manhattan, the hotel has a respectable, if small, exercise room on the premises. Finally, the complimentary wireless, high speed internet is a great amenity.
To summarize, the Iroquois has the fundamental elements that comprise a great hotel; however, their staff needs a few lessons in customer service.