Booked a room with two double beds for four nights from June 26-30, 2009.
The Bad: It's a small hotel but it's a great place nonetheless. Rooms were clean but the hotel and room shows its age. Rough spots in the arm chair and corners of walls. Hotel elevator is terribly slow and there are only two. Bathroom and bedroom was small but that's expected in most New York hotels. I had a rough experience with the check in staff. The lady who checked me in was clearly foreign so I had trouble understanding her. After a long trip to New York I wasn't very patient. Rooms are dimly lit--only lamps no ceiling lights. There aren't enough outlets here especially when you have electronics like a laptop, cellphone, ipod etc.
The Good: The price is reasonable for New York. Maid service was good in cleaning and provided fresh towels every day. For kids, the hotel has a bunch of DVDs for rent that you can use in the DVD player they provide. Free wireless internet was wonderful and fast. There was a computer and printer in the small hotel library which was good for printing out boarding passes. The bell hop and desk staff were generally friendly except the lady mentioned above. The beds were very comfortable as were the sheets. I had a 6:30 pm flight but there is a luggage storage room that the hotel provides which was very helpful because they have a 12pm check out time. The halls are nice and quiet at night and during the day making it a perfect place to relax after a long day in the city. 
The location is very good. Close to Times Square, 5th Avenue, Bryant Park and the New York Public Library and Rockefeller Center. The B,D,F,V train is close by at 42nd street and 6th Avenue. If you want a cab, it's reasonable going from 44th street to anywhere. I went to the Upper East Side at 96th street for under $10 and the same when I went to Greenwich Village. 
I did not try the hotel's restaurant, Triomphe, or room service. From my walks around the area I didn't find a lot of restaurants. There isn't as many as in Greenwich Village or the Upper West Side, so count on leaving the area for lunch or dinner. 
I would come back to the Iroquois for my next trip. Reasonable price. Clean and comfortable room. What more could you ask for in a New York hotel? It's good for families.