We went to New York in February for a week and after much research we decided on the Iroquois mainly due to the reviews on here and also the great rate on hotels.com.
LOCATION
Perfect. Couldn't have asked for anything better, 1.5 blocks from Times Square, literally a 5 minute walk. A lovely street just far enough away from the hustle and bustle.
The Red Flame diner is a few doors down and like many have said in reviews it really is the best diner for breakfast. We went there most mornings before we set off for our day.
HOTEL
Free internet access in the reception which we never had to que for. Recepetion were helpful and helped with any requests we had. Always said good morning etc.
Our room was small but we were expecting this as everyone says it, small really is small!
There was no view, unless you love walls! on our first morning we walked past an open room that was being cleaned and looked much bigger and brighter so we asked the maid if we could move! Recpetion said it was no problem and would be a little extra for the week, we were happy to pay this, we moved everything over and were much happier.
The size of the room really isn't important as you are up and out so early and back late it really is just somewhere to sleep. The toiletries were lovely, molton brown and were replenished daily as were towels.
We had no complaints.
Getting around.
New York is so easy to get around, we were so surprised. We had booked a tour with Real New York Tours thinking we'd never find anything but this tour wasn't until our 3rd day. To our surprise in our first couple of days we'd done miles and found it so easy we were worried we'd wasted money on a tour.
Tours
For people thinking of booking Real New Tours or one similar my advice is to book this at the beginning of your stay ie day 1 or 2. Any later and i don't think it's worth the money. 
Ours was a half day and yes it was really interesting and the guide was lovely but we could have done it on our own in hindsight. She did take us to Harlem which we wouldn't have done on our own and took me to Carrie's house :0 ) which again, i wouldn't have found on my own! Just book it for your first days there.
Things to do.
1.WTC Museum Workshop
Go. Worth every penny. Extremely moving. Would highly recommend. 12/10
2.Ellis island
Really enjoyed, more than we thought actually. Don't do the statue of liberty as a seperate trip unless you really want to get off and climb it, the boat to Ellis stops to let people off at Liberty Island so you get a really good look and plenty of photo opps. The boat goes right round too so in my opinion not worth the extra ££
3.Empire State
Worth doing, wanted to do it to say we'd done it, view was well worth the que!
4.Chelsea Market
Really liked it hear, smaller than i thought it was. Stop for chinese, lovely.
5.Grenwich Village
Loved walking about here. Friends building, SATC Carrie's house and of course Magnolia bakery-stop for a cupcake or 2, there lovely.
Had an amazing time and will definatley be back! x
Broadway
We went to see Mary Poppins and it was out of this world. Go and see it you'll love it! We're in our 30's and sat grinning like cheshire cats on the 1st row! Brilliant.
i booked tickets through www.broadwaybox.com and good a good price and got front seats even though it was only 2 weeks before the show.
Eating
Red Flame for breakfasts
John's for pizza.......best pizza ever!
Serendipidy's....we went twice, my b/f loved it! Advice is to book a table as there's always que's outside the door for up to 1hr, we went booked and then went to Macy's did a bit of shopping and went back.