We had a nearly perfect stay overall--the staff and the room were absolutely great. The room was very clean and attractive, and the shower was incredibly powerful—I could have stayed in there all day!! The beds were very comfortable with nice linens, the bathroom was nicely appointed with luxurious towels and toiletries, and our room was quiet. The location is outstanding—very close to Times Square, the Theater District, etc.
The only issue we had was when we went to check out, the woman at the desk said that we had two charges from the minibar (water and a Coke) and one charge for a toll-free call from the room. I said that we did not consume anything from the minibar and that the call was one that she offered to place for me for tech support for the WIfi in the room when she called up to our room to see if it was working again (we had reported the problem that arose at the end of our stay, and one of the staff came up to see about it--since it was still unresolved, the front desk offered to place a call to the toll-free number for the ISP, and I accepted the offer). At checkout, I told the staff member that I never would have used the hotel phone for this if I thought I would have to pay for the call (furthermore, why should a guest pay for a call to tech support when the hotel’s internet service is down?), and she nicely said, "OK," and deleted both charges though I wasn't convinced that she felt OK about this--it did not leave me with a very good feeling. Only after checking out did we realize that the hotel had intended to charge us for beverages that we had purchased elsewhere and left on the table with the minibar items. Those that we bought were different sizes than those provided in the room, and the water was a different brand entirely. It seems that they should inventory their own offerings to see if any had been consumed rather than seeing partially empty bottles and deducing that the guests should be charged. These two minor details ended an otherwise wonderful stay on a less than perfect note, but otherwise, we loved the hotel and had no other complaints. We suggest that you keep your food/drinks purchased elsewhere in another place in the room (or ask the hotel staff to remove the minibar offerings entirely) to avoid the appearance of having consumed some of these highly priced items!