This hotel has both good and bad aspects. On the good side, the suites are very nice and spacious. The free DVD's to borrow are a nice touch. The location is great. The subway at Bryant Park is the closest and it's nice to walk through the park during the day. Know, however, we took cabs towards the end of our trip and thankfully the hotel is between two of the most famous hotels on the west side: the Algonquin and the Sofitel. Not one cabbie ever heard of The Iroquois, but when I mentioned either the Algonquin or the Sofitel, they knew exactly where to go.
Due to a very shoddy concierge staff however, we won't be staying here again. Thinking it would save us time & trouble, two weeks before our trip I booked the house limo to take us to The Iroquois from our home and back. We were quoted a price, worked out the times and were even given the color of the limo and the driver's name. Two days before, I called to confirm the pick-up time and was told there was a problem with our booking. I was told that the other concierge girl had us quoted us the price for a town car & not a limo. They said the limo would be almost double the price each direction!!! They told us they could call out a different company for the price we were quoted, but that "we might get a foreigner who speaks no English" and they couldn't account for the way they'd drive!! They said they would "absolutely not send their top-of-the-line limo out for that price" and the only thing they would do was send the other company and "it wasn't going to be a very nice limo either." I was shocked! They wouldn't budge. I called my regular limo company and luckily, after explaining the situation to them, they took us both ways for even less than The Iroquois quoted originally. I cancelled the limo service with The Iroquois and thought the matter was done. I was sorely mistaken.
When we got to The Iroquois in our privately booked limo, there was a letter waiting for us at the front desk confirming that we were using the house limo to go home. This was the very same limo we had cancelled with concierge two days prior. The concierge representative that was there happened to be the same girl I actually cancelled with and she apologized for this SECOND error and said she’d correct it. We got the "corrected" letter later that day, but unfortunately, concierge must not have read it themselves, since it was simply a copy of the one we received earlier. We contacted the front desk this time who said they’d take care of it. We didn’t see the concierge hardly at all the rest of our trip.
When we checked out, our account was still wrong and concierge was again not at their post. We therefore had to speak with the manager and the front desk again before we could check out since our bill was all wrong due to this now beyond pathetic concierge error.
The hotel itself was very nice. However, if you need to book anything through the concierge, I would not recommend this hotel. The Iroquois’ concierge does not honor its word and they don’t value their customers at all. The last thing you want to do is spend your vacation in the lobby and on the phone trying to fix the staff’s mess.