I stayed at the Iroquois exactly a year ago (coincidentally) and at the the time was thrilled to have found such a great place with (for New York) reasonable rates. I am happy to report that the love affair continues.
I was greeted upon arrival with a "welcome back" upon giving my name, by the charming and very efficient male receptionist upon check-in. The room I was given (901) felt smaller than the room my partner and I were given the year before but nonetheless it was comfortable as we remembered with all the amenities (complimentary water and chocolates) upon arrival. The wi-fi which is also included in the room rate has good and strong signal and as I was in New York on business, was greatly appreciated. 
The New York Times is delivered to the room every day except for Sunday (understandably as it huge and heavy) which is how I discovered the joys of the library in the hotel where one can read it while enjoying a coffee from the complimentary coffee dispenser in the lobby. The library also has two computers for guests to use. 
I must say that it's very nice to be greeted warmly by hotel staff whenever they are encountered in the hotel lobby and when one leaves or returns.
The only thing we had forgotten from our previous visit and that can be constituted as a minor criticism was that there are no ice machines on the floors and that you have to call reception to have it delivered which it is usually done very promptly, but not always. There also was no fridge but there was a mini-bar on a sensor tray on top of chest of drawers which looked ridiculous and incongruous. We did find a card that said a fridge was available if required. My partner and I laughed as we reviewed the room, as we wondered where they possibly could put a fridge in a room that was already choc-a-bloc. It would have been a lot better to get rid of the annoying sensor tray altogether with it's vastly over-priced never used contents as I or my partner were always inadvertently knocking the mini-bottles of booze down on it panicking us that we might trigger charges for stuff we didn't have.
Our room was quiet as it didn't face the street.The beds were superbly comfortable, the bathroom spotless,the water pressure and temp control perfect, though the drains in both the shower and the wash-basin took a long time to clear. 
All in all another great stay and we shall definitely return.